c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\bin\Debug\Fiddler.exe
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\bin\Debug\Xceed.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\bin\Debug\Xceed.Zip.dll
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\bin\Debug\Xceed.Compression.Formats.dll
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\bin\Debug\Xceed.Compression.dll
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\bin\Debug\FiddlerForward.dll
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\bin\Debug\FiddlerForward.pdb
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.dll
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.pdb
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.ForwardContro.resources
c:\users\skyzhou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerCombo\FiddlerCombo\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.ForwardWin.resources
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\bin\Debug\FiddlerForward.dll
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\bin\Debug\FiddlerForward.pdb
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\bin\Debug\Fiddler.exe
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\bin\Debug\Xceed.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\bin\Debug\Xceed.Zip.dll
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\bin\Debug\Xceed.Compression.Formats.dll
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\bin\Debug\Xceed.Compression.dll
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.ForwardContro.resources
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.ForwardWin.resources
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.dll
C:\Users\skyzhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FiddlerForward\FiddlerForward\obj\Debug\FiddlerForward.pdb
